0.6.1 release (#160)
user-cont/release-bot: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.6.1

> * Bot ignores 'python_versions' in release-conf and builds py3 wheel only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bot ignores 'python_versions' in release-conf and builds an sdist and a py3 wheel.
```
